Add some discussion about compliance (#40)
ietf-wg-scone/scone: draft-ietf-scone-protocol.md

policies often apply on the level of a device or subscription, but endpoints
cannot assume that this is the case.  A separate signal can be sent for each flow.

> ## Discretionary Compliance

Author: ```suggestion
## Following Advice
```

> The TRONE signal is advisory (see {{advisory-signal}}).

Author: ```suggestion
The SCONE throughput advice is advisory (see {{advisory-signal}}).
```

> Applications that receive throughput advice can follow that advice in the way
> that best suits the needs of the application.

Author: ```suggestion
The TRONE signal is advisory (see {{advisory-signal}}).
Applications that chose to follow it will do so in the way that best suits their needs.
```
